personas hating on other people for sharing theire lifes in social networks like twitter,facebook,myspace,blogs and so on these people you can consider as "Social network hater" but in fact that these people do the same thing and honestly nobody forces you to read what other people,do,think or expierience it's just community sites so calm down damn it! 
The Social Network Hater had nothing better to do then hating on little kids,teenagers,hardworking people,poors,elderly folks and human being's in generall

Hater: i hate that picture of these two girls having a blast i think i m gonna write a hater comment under the picture

Hater 2: yo buddy and the entries of these young kid get me mad,i think i'm gonna tell him to fuck himself. 
#facebook #twitter #blogs #myspace #blog #life #daily #minute #hour #seconed #pc #hater #no love 
A person that simply cannot be happy for another person's success. So rather than be happy they make a point of exposing a flaw in that person. 

Hating, the result of being a hater, is not exactly jealousy. The hater doesnt really want to be the person he or she hates, rather the hater wants to knock somelse down a notch. 
Susan: You know, Kevin from accounting is doing very well. He just bought a house in a very nice part of town. 

Jane (hater): If he is doing so well why does he drive that '89 Taurus? 
Overused word that people like to use just because someone else expresses a dislike for a certain individual. 
PERSON 1: I don't like Beyonce's new song. 

PERSON 2: You're a hater!!! to be a hater is to descriminate or hate something, someone, or a certain type of something. 

If the world didn't have haters then it would be a better place. a much better place. 

I mean not that there aren't assholes in the world. to hate somethings is good. i hate poverty, war, and bad shit like that. just try to have some morals, people. 
PLEASE don't be haters! 
don't hate gays 
don't hate lesbians 
don't hate Straights 

don't hate blacks 
don't hate Asians 
don't hate Middle Eastern People 
don't hate whites 

don't hate Jews 
don't hate Christians 
don't hate Musilms 
don't hate Hindus 
don't hate buhudists 
don't hate pagans 
don't hate agnostics 
don't hate atheiests 

JUST: 
don't hate other people 
#hate #love #people #diversity #differences 