One who fears technology (or new technology, as they seem pleased with how things currently are...why can't everything just be the same?) 
 A group led by Mr. Luddite durring the industrial revolution who beleived machines would cause workers wages to be decreased and ended up burning a number of factories in protest 
A luddite generally claims things were "just fine" back in the day, and refuses to replace/update failing equipment/software/computers on the basis that they were just fine 10 years ago. 
A slang term used by puddites to attack and ostracize those who are not afraid to keep things that still work and do not need to be upgraded. A luddite is someone who encourages the use of technology and technological equipment that is still perfectly good and perfectly working, although a new model/generation/color has come out.

For example, a luddite might prefer to save money by buying a used phone of a previous generation, or refusing to buy the latest generation because it is too overpriced. 
Preteen: Haha, look at that luddite, he still have the iPhone 6! Haha what a dork, stupid luddite. I have the new iPhone 6s, my mom sacrificed her own food for a month to pay $1200 for it!

Fanboy: All my friends are luddites, I got the new call of duty 23 on my xbox four, they are all still playing call of duty 22 on their xbox three! All my friends are stupid luddites, why won't they upgrade their whole console just to play the new version whose maps and gameplay is identical? Why is everyone such a luddite?

Prick: Look at all the luddites still using the old grey colored phone when the new white one with the same specs came out! I'm no liddite, look at my white phone! You still have a grey version! 
A person who detests or fears change... of an established idea or process, or opposes change on the basis that it's different from their personal opinion. 
Luddite: "there is a god"

Non Luddite: "LOL!" 

fearmongering 
sheep 
conformist 
blind 
unthinking 
absurd 
a large mass of stone forming a hill, cliff, promontory, or the like. 
Geology. a. mineral matter of variable composition, consolidated or unconsolidated, assembled in masses or considerable quantities in nature, as by the action of heat or water. 
a particular kind of such matter: igneous rock. 

stone in the mass: buildings that stand upon rock. 
a stone of any size. 
something resembling or suggesting a rock. 
Quiet & reserved
Not interested in the latest & greatest tech
Reluctant participant in the world of social media
Uncomplicated in their desires
Loyal to their peers & to their internal value systems
Excel at finding solutions to practical problems
Often no Profile Pic