A person is being lazy if he is able to carry out some activity that he ought to carry out, but is disinclined to do so because of the effort involved. Instead, he carries out the activity perfunctorily; or engages in some other, less strenuous or less boring activity; or remains idle. In short, he is being lazy if his motivation to spare himself effort trumps his motivation to do the right or expected thing.
Synonyms for laziness are indolence and sloth. Indolence derives from the Latin indolentia, ‘without pain’ or ‘without taking trouble’. Sloth has more moral and spiritual overtones than laziness or indolence. In the Christian tradition, sloth is one of the seven deadly sins because it undermines society and God’s plan, and because it invites sin. The Bible inveighs against slothfulness, for example, in the Book of Ecclesiastes: 'By much slothfulness the building decayeth; and through idleness of the hands the house droppeth through. A feast is made for laughter, and wine maketh merry: but money answereth all things.'
Someone who believes that they are a political activist by attending speeches, joining Facebook groups, or putting up a yardsign. An individual that isn't willing to do the real work of winning elections like canvassing neighborhoods or phonebanking. 
Jake flaked out our phonebank again, he is such a lazifist. 
It's so hard to get him to start doing his home works, he won't be able to finish his homework again. He is being such a bad lazist.

Wow, this guy is such lazist. I never see him doing his revision, he's always laying around and playing with his computer. 
Quiet, reflective & idealistic
Interested in running online communities & has many profiles
Well-developed value systems they strive to live in accordance with
Adaptable & laid-back unless a strongly-held value is threatened
Usually talented writers
Mentally quick & able to see possibilities
Interested in understanding & helping people
head shots with informal dress
Automates using tools like Post Planner & schedules bulk posts
Posting characterized by a flurry of activity that dwindles & stops after 2 weeks