One who inspires others.

The person who does the inspiring. 
My brother, the inspirer.

Gandhi was an inspirer.

History books are full of inspirers. 
inspiration role model leader trend setter model paragon 
Inspirers are outgoing and enthusiastic, seeking favourable social environments where they can develop and maintain contacts.  They are able to create enthusiasm in others for their own cause and have a wide network of acquaintances which provide an active base for doing business.  Socially adept, Inspirers develop friendships easily, and usually do not antagonize others intentionally.
Verbally effusive, they are good at promoting their own ideas.  Inspirers’ wide range of contacts often have the capacity to help them.  They tend to misjudge the abilities of self and others.  Usually, but not if they are upset, they are optimistic and see the good in most people and situations.  Inspirers often leap to favourable conclusions without all the information.  To others they may appear inconsistent.  Democratic supervision helps to develop their objectivity. Controlling and planning their time may be extremely difficult.  Inspirers should remind themselves of the urgency of accomplishing any task and limit the time they articulate if necessary.  The Inspirer is Jung’s Extraverted (or Intuitive) Feeling type.
Inner Drive:  Wishing to accept others; connecting with others.
Goal:  Popularity and approval.
Judges others by:  Their articulation and empathy.
Influences other by:  Praise and favours.
Value to the organisation:  Relieves tension; promotes people, including themselves.
Over uses:  Optimism and flattery.
Under moderate pressure becomes:  Careless, disorganised and inconsistent.
Fears:  Loss of self-worth and social acceptance.
Would be more effective with more:  Control of time and emotions, objectivity, follow-though on promises.
Enthusiastic, idealistic & creative
Able to do almost anything that interests them
Great people skills
Need to live life in accordance with their inner values
Excited by new ideas, but bored with details
Open-minded & flexible, with a broad range of interests & abilities
Often have the best personalized wall papers on their Twitter pages
(They speak at industry events to highlight how much they know)