A lurker is someone that follows the forum but doesn’t post. 
someone who seems to always be present bu unnoticed 
 That kid Tonto is a lurker. 
 He is creepy. 
I am right here. 
Someone who is constantly on myspace looking at the same people that they don't know over and over again to see if they have new pictures, who their friends 
Lurkers often lurk in packs, to show their fellow lurkers their lurkees, and to show off their taste in lurkees. 
Koala is such a lurker, every night she sits in front of her laptop on myspace, lurking people she suspects may be cooler or prettier than she is. 
stalker silly ego obsessed scene bored 
A person who is just "there." Nobody really knows why, other than they show up and don't say a word. Possible reasons for this could be: 
They don't know what to say 
They are pretending to have friends 
They are trying to scare you 
They are there just to be seen with you, as if they have some kind of relationship with you. 
Person 1: Who's that? 
Person 2: The lurker. He shows up everyday, just ignore him. 
stalker creeper creepy loner annoying 
a person who reads the posts on a forum, message board, etc, but does not post 
one who reads a blog without ever commenting on the posts 
People who go on your stickam profile when your live and dont come into the chat. 
HEY did you get my last text? 
Are you there? If i'm annoying you, just tell me. 
Soo, did you fall asleep or something? You never texted me back... 
 Oooohkayy, it's 3 am, and i'm guessing you fell asleep so good night, I'll tty tomorow 

 HEY good morning, you alright? you didn't answer me at all last night, were you drunk or something? 
creeper stalker stalk creep lurk shadow obsessive annoyance douchebag 

Practical, traditional & organized
Likely to be reading posts
Not interested in engagement or participation with social media
Have clear visions of the way things should be
Loyal & hard-working
Like to be in charge
Exceptionally capable in organizing & running activities
"Good citizens" who value security & peaceful living
absent or default image
information is basic